here is live again and in color we
Play call of duty goes there is match
on a favorite maps namely ok
normally run here as a
workshop with my beautiful
got pink value in state and
we'll be up here our warehouse
hit
because the only goal with team
deathmatch is about to get fit and the
I'm one of the world from up here
best spots simply times make terrific
a lot like a horse is real
good overview one hears the opponents her
Run downstairs like now I hear
so what somewhere off since shooting has to
I do not like that at all
fully regenerated and can continue
attack but you hear what they are
headset here around the back and have no
Boni more here, the sniper well as the
ammo is scarce but still have now
there are still two full magazine specialists
I already have a grenade
the sport
that was responsive one did not give or
but
Totti is back in business
if you could die and then
I in June offered him the weapon it was
extremely hard scoping but I would have one
First I'll go down again
like
the stock market again somewhere here they are
again, there is a short process
june hamburg
with master marksman one goes off already
August I do not know where he is very
scarce but can not now as wild
somehow spray comes one or comes
any and peter because now never
Fears that there is one more
I'll tell the world what I have to confess
German dead shit com hochmann us
both know that you come here is that
I was still full of sniper day so far the
pump
this is my first live played
I do not have anything on the board
made
I'm still me still the
last child and this before him
played live was first collected
used live dingsbums
still do not want to die yet
I panic here
I have the roof in the grip 74 unfortunately
But I'm playing from somewhere
forgotten is the golden one
controller long live this new casting
Super
I hope you liked it and he did
so we overtake you from wood chop
and if he wants her again